[Music]
sit on my bed I got nothing to do take
on my phone once again read to you I'm
really bored please don't ignore started
as from the or randomly know you love
rainy days and you still live at home
it's gonna heal with me never like this
never last but free time it's expected
in my ice car think I really like you
but I never say it straight to your face
I think I really like you but I don't
wanna repeat my mistakes everyone it's
Elina and I'm back for never Cambridge
vlog and I'm in the library and it feels
so weird to talk here but nobody's here
because nobody goes to the library five
BAM except for me
yeah so what is the plan for today
well I'm gonna be here in a some study
room which is a bit creepy
I did hear noise earlier now much the
sign is that the ghost that's gonna kill
me um but yeah so the plan is I'm gonna
work on LAN long because my landlord
supervision got rescheduled so I'm
having it on Saturday it is now Thursday
and guess how many no it's I have for
the supervision one-page oh and that is
not much so yeah we need to do some work
so this is what I have so far
it's not very impressive so this is all
the things I have to read the blue stuff
I don't have to read the blue stuff is
febrile reading so that's for the
holiday but the pink stuff I do have to
read so does it's not too bad most of
these are cases but there is quite a bit
of textbook reading so yeah fun so the
plan now is I'm gonna read the first
textbook there are two textbooks which I
have to read this one is like the heavy
I want to read because you read that one
first then kind of get all the
information from it and then you read
the second one just for like extra info
so that one goes a bit quicker so yeah
the plan now is just work from as mentor
to textbook if I can I have two lectures
today but one of them will probably not
be happening due to two strikes so I
will have a lot of time to spend in
university library by myself reading
textbooks and cases and hopefully
getting far with this yeah let's see if
that's gonna work out so yeah let's do
it
so here's me going over to textbook
and I always underline anything that's
important I used to highlight but you
contrast new highlighters because I will
just highlight the entire page so that's
why I just underlined things and I just
write down cases which I take from the
footnotes if they are important and then
I just try to put this into you know a
table format because that's usually
easier for me to read and then find the
information and I'm back in my room and
it is 7:30 and I've decided to take a
nap at 7:30 in the morning yeah well
because I'm really tired for some reason
I did go to sleep early last night but
it was also so cold in the library this
morning normally it is not that cold but
today was not a great day um so yeah I'm
just tired and I know I have a really
long day ahead because I'm planning to
just go to my one lecture and then stay
in the library and just work work work
work work so if I go over there and I'm
already tired like I'm like she just
gonna fall asleep in a library and does
not great and there's no point in going
so that's why I'm gonna take a nap now
and I'm gonna use the comma to just have
like a 30-minute nap it's really great
because they wake you up after 30
minutes and like you know in a relaxing
sound it's quite nice I like it and it
allows me to actually like nap because I
kind of struggle to like calm down like
I don't know like I am somebody who also
has trouble falling asleep citizens
really good for me this is not sponsored
okay this is just me telling you I like
this I pay for this myself so yeah I
wish out with sponsored Brett him but
yeah that's what I'm gonna do now and
then we're gonna go for breakfast to my
one lecture and then we have a lot of
work ahead of us so yeah let's do it so
after my admittedly very relaxing nap
that I really needed i den work to the
faculty and he is me leaving college and
college always looks a bit like a castle
and as my roommates ijen and here she is
again looking a bit creepy because i
forgot to film the
and change the law faculty so I just
walked back and she waited for me so
yeah here we are and then we had a
lecture only one lecture today and it's
always I take notes on my iPad and I
just download the lecture handout and
space it out a little bit so that I have
more space for my handwritten notes on
it and then I just take notes on
whatever the lecturer says and then I
walk to the University library which is
pretty close to the faculty but I just
work better in that library for some
reason I really like it because
everybody around you is working so it is
like the best form of peer pressure
because you just feel like you should be
working to use everybody else's and I'm
back in the room so it is now 6 p.m.
almost 7 p.m. so I have been in the
library for quite a while yeah but I
didn't get a lot done not great I do
have a good excuse but you know excuses
don't matter because at the end of the
day I got to finish my work on time and
my professor doesn't care about my good
excuses so I can tell them to myself but
they don't help yeah that's that I will
tell you guys anyway yeah but let's look
at what I've done so here's how far we
got so this first page I had that
already in the morning and then here's
what I've done so this is a good 9 pages
of notes I am not mad about this but it
is also not the best so yeah I'm not mad
about this but you know it could have
been a small so hmm yeah that's that now
I do have some of these diagrams in here
I do make all of these diagrams myself
and I just make them on my iPad so I
just go to good nodes and then I just
you know draw them it doesn't matter
which page background you have that's
completely irrelevant because you can
just go and then you just click on
export and export the page and then you
just export the page as an image and you
just don't include the page background
and then you can just airdrop it to
yourself which is what I usually do and
that's what it then looks like and you
can just cut it as a picture and put it
in there so I find it really really
useful just for making your own diagrams
and I also do have a new screen
protector which you probably can't see
um
except maybe for that little death corn
right here because I have no practical
talents so I you know a keynote this
little desk corn which is still there
and that's why it's here but it doesn't
really matter when you turn it on
usually don't see it unless you have a
dark background and most of my lecture
handouts I don't have that so I'm fine
but I am considering to buy a new one if
I like this one and we're so far I
really do so if I you know still think
that this bothers me this little just
cone um then I might actually buy a
second one and just you know put it on
there now I was sent this one for free
um so thank you so much to paper like
I'm who sent this to me I actually
wanted their screen protector for a long
time but I always thought you know what
if it doesn't actually do what it says
because it is not the cheapest screen
protector out there so I was kind of
afraid of that but now that I have it
and I know it actually just feel like
paper when you write on it now I know
it's worth it so I might buy a second
one if you guys are interested in it I'm
gonna link it in the info box below I
really really like to screen protector
it is super easy to apply and honestly
the desk on is my fault I'm not there so
yeah
that's on me and my lack of practical
skills but the good thing is it doesn't
bother me while writing so I don't
really mind now I don't say it does make
your screen feel different like even if
you put your hand on it may not just
with the pen but I like it I really do
and I think it makes me write nicer on
my documents if that makes sense I feel
like on the glass that kind of wrote a
little more ugly I don't know why but I
feel like me on paper writing was always
a little prettier and I feel like my
handwriting has improved just by having
the feeling of paper um so yeah that's
weird maybe that's just me but um I
really really like the effect this has
so I'm so glad that you know I got one
of them um and yeah let's see maybe I
will replace my desk corn umm screen
protector at some point but for now it
is staying um so yeah what's the plan
now because I only have nine pages of
notes oh yeah
why do I only have nine pages of notes I
should explain that because I feel like
I I could have gotten a lot more done
given that I was in the library from
11:00 to 6:00 p.m. which is 7 hours so
you know I'm just putting it out there I
feel like that's a long time so I think
the resenting get done is because I'm
currently working on a paper for
hopefully for publication and it's
absolute final stages like we're at the
point where like we have a journal which
is going to look at it and we just have
to cut a few words and you know this is
like the final edit stage it's just like
you know something you find out oh you
you need to cut like a few more hundred
words because they include references
and a word count and all that or he
changed everything to American English
because it's an American Journal I'm not
a British Journal and all of these
things um so and because there's
obviously you know a lot of time
pressure on this now so I had to deal
with that while I was doing LAN long and
we like the guy and I who wrote it we
just kept sending drafts you know to
each other and just trying to cut as
much as we can
I couldn't film any of that because
obviously like it's not out and this is
not just my work so I'm sorry like but
that's basically what happened
um so I I guess I spent I got three
hours of my six hours in the library on
this um I think it is worth it
um quite frankly I think this is
probably the one written thing that I'm
like the proudest of in my academic
career so far
um because this was a lot of work okay
um a 10,000 word article doesn't write
itself um all of these footnotes and
everything this was a lot of work for
someone who you know is very early on in
their undergrad so yeah this wasn't easy
for me so I'm really proud of it and I'm
really hoping someone is gonna be
willing to publish it um but yeah that's
basically why but you know my excu
don't matter they really don't so I'm
gonna take a look at this and just you
know try to take a few more notes after
I get dinner I'm gonna make myself some
dinner now because I need food and
hopefully I'm gonna do a bit more work
and while I'm gonna eat dinner I'm gonna
start reading this book it's not about
the book oh um I picked this up randomly
at waterstones
I don't really know I think the title
just found it really interesting and
it's basically talking about Islam as a
religion but from people who practice
that religion because I don't I don't
know it all about it I feel like I
probably have a bit of a stereotypical
view at times about it Timothy because I
don't have an insider perspective so
this is like basically Muslim woman
stories told from your own perspective
and how they feel about Islam and how
its portrayed nowadays so I'm excited to
read this I think this is gonna be
interesting and I'm probably I'm gonna
be educated a little bit on my own
stereotypes because sometimes you have
them like you don't even know it's a
stereotype but because I've only ever
read about Islam in like German
newspapers from German offers and
reporters so I'm not sure how accurate
that view is so I'm excited to read this
um so yeah the plan is get dinner read a
little bit in this and then hopefully
read a little bit in land law and then
go to sleep
cuz I need sleep so yeah I think I'm
gonna stop vlogging here and then I will
see you guys tomorrow morning and
hopefully we'll have a few more pages of
notes a girl can hope so yeah
I'll see you guys tomorrow morning good
morning guys I'm back in the library in
the sound study room which is empty yeah
welcome to my life um so it is 7:30 and
I have done absolutely nothing for land
because I never think came up with this
article that I've written or saw a
person so I spent my morning doing that
but we now have a lot of work to do so I
talked to see Jen and she told me
apparently the second textbook does it
at anything um so I'm gonna do only one
textbook but I am gonna have
you know find one particular rule from a
case in a number textbook because it's
not in this one
but it's apparently also not in the
second textbook I was planning to read
see Jen about that one she was like no
just don't so I'm gonna you know finish
up this read up my cases and then
hopefully move on to the second part of
my readings so part of my solution is on
easements and it's what I'm currently on
and then you have a person for your
covenants but that is very little so
that should go a lot faster so yeah
the plan now is just do a lot of work I
have one lecture today and I would not
we're just gonna work and yeah the plan
so that's do it so in my college library
I just took a few more notes on textbook
pages that I had already read and as
always I just tried to make these notes
and table format whenever I can because
for me somehow tables are kind of the
way to organize things and then I left
college to walk through the faculty and
I just loved how my college looks like
every time I walked by
I'm just really grateful because I feel
like it looks like Hogwarts and yeah
then I was in a faculty and I always go
to one of the quiet study areas and just
you know sit down and do my work and my
plan was to finish the textbook take
notes on that and maybe even start the
cases and I'm really happy to say that
that actually worked out so I underlined
in my text book once again everything is
important and took a few notes on case
names and then I moved on to taking
notes on the stuff that I underlined and
I just kind of feel like you actually
kind of read it almost twice because
once you underline it and then you read
over it again while taking notes which i
think makes it easier to remember
whatever you're taking notes on and then
I moved on to taking notes on cases
which are not in the textbook and I
always check my lecture handout first to
see if there's any information on it and
then if there's not and I go and read
the full case and yeah here are all the
notes that I've done I am quite happy
with this I ended up with a good five
thousand in something woods which you
know I'm not bad about that's all right
and then I went down in the faculty to
have lunch with see Jen
a girl's gotta eat um so yeah here's the
two of us having a lunch and I'm back in
my room um so I think now I'm gonna take
like a little break and just read a
little bit more in this book I just -
yesterday it's basically just a
collection of essays from different
women of the Muslim faith but I really
like it it is quite interesting because
it kind of just you know gives you like
more nuance to like the discussion of a
religion because obviously not everybody
practices their religion the same way
and I personally feel like especially
right now with like all the media
coverage regarding the Muslim faith
there's a lot of you know just this is
what it's like
full-stop like it is like that for
everybody and I mean I used to be
Christian of I'm an atheist now because
I just decided it's not for me um but
even when I was a Christian I knew that
there you know are a lot of different
ways that you can be a Christian just
because somebody says they're a
Christian you don't actually know how
they practice their faith and it is
quite interesting to read this because
what many of us have shown is this idea
that woman who wear a burka you know
they're just perceived as like this one
type of woman and that I think is quite
true because we often associate you know
our looks our outfits things like that
with our character our personality I
guess a bit of like our individuality
and that is kind of taken away about
religious dress and regardless of
whether you like that dress or not or
whether you think it should be banned or
not um there are certainly I think some
truth to the statement that they all
just perceive this kind of like the same
type of person
um and this is a book about you know
women who are practicing this faith and
who may or may not wear religious
dresses and the fact that you know
they're all different and it kind of is
just like a little view into their lives
their opinions which is really
interesting for me I quite like reading
it
it is a quiet short read I think is like
it's just a short essay from every
person our love essays in here yeah they
are quite short but I could like it if
you guys are interested in the book I'm
gonna link it any of the box below but
yeah basically I'm gonna set myself a
timer
20 to 30 minutes read this and then it's
time to go back to work and hopefully
finish that law because we need to so
yeah let's do it
so here's me drawing a little diagram on
my iPad and then I just insert that into
my notes and then I went back to the
textbook and back to iPad and I just try
to draw everything out because sometimes
the facts in that bill can be a bit
confusing because there are different
plots of land and it can just be really
hard to imagine what that situation
exactly looks like so it can be useful
to just draw a few diagrams and put them
into your notes so it's a while later
how are we doing we are not frying to
put it mildly um so this is what my
screen looks like at the moment um so
here we have a case and here we have my
notes so we are at a decent 18 pages so
that is good I'm still some red here but
most of it is now just cases actually
everything so we're good we're doing
well um so yeah it is going quite okay I
feel like this looks kind of weird it
looks like I wrote a legal instructions
book but hey this is a is supposed to be
land okay plot of land plot of land plot
of land yeah I do I know it's in a weird
wave but I find it helpful so we are now
at seven thousand two hundred twenty
three words yeah it's a lot um but
that's actually quite good
like 18 pages of notes not bad I'm
probably gonna go up to like 25ish first
supervision which is decent um that's
like a normal number of pages you have
for supervision so there's a law of
reading but I actually like you just
condense it to like the key points in
your brain when you go over it and
that's when you talk about in the
supervision and the supervision kind of
helps you to actually know what is
relevant if you
twenty-five pages of notes and a lot of
it is you know detailed rules and
everything which then you can like add
to your knowledge in revision so yeah
what's the plan now
we need to finish this but also what I
need dinner and I feel like I have
deserved a McDonald's dinner what did
the boys out of the awesome do you want
to say anything I'm proud of you yeah
yeah that's what I'm gonna do I'm gonna
go to McDonald's and reward myself so
I'm here rewarding myself for work I
haven't done yet because you know not
being on top of your work is exhausting
who would have thought um yeah
like not even kidding um so what are we
gonna do now I'm gonna use my super
healthy food um yeah in case you were
ever wondering if I'm ever gonna become
vegan and like preach to you guys about
avocado toasts no it's not gonna happen
um I might preach to you about Chicken
McNuggets
um but yeah so um I'm gonna eat this and
then I'm gonna work because I haven't
done enough work I just feel like you
know it's the end of term and I mean I
literally have three days of lectures
left and you know I'm just starting to
you know dream decision is just laughing
about my rent here
yeah it's both of us the moment
yeah see us plan of drink free essays in
three days is beyond me are you sure
it's gonna happen yes it's fine I mean a
girl can hope also really representative
of a mental state is the fact that our
advent calendars are still here for
contact it is March so you know so let's
eat and then work and finally finished
us because I've been at this for too
long and we need to finish so yeah let's
do it
two hours later so guys we're done with
lamb law I am so happy I love lamb low
don't get me wrong um I actually think
it's a really interesting subject and I
know it doesn't sound like it but it is
really fascinating and it's something
that's really important in real life
because everybody is in touch with land
law like you know whether you know
anything about it or not like the house
you live in
landlord Herman's you know whether you
hide a little bit blah blah it's really
interesting because um it has really big
real-life impact so it's a quite cool
subject but there's just a lot of
reading to do for it so yeah but we're
done we finished it took way too long to
finish but we're done it is hard to
moderate yourself at the end of term but
yeah that's just what life is like so I
have my supervision tomorrow at 9:30 on
a Saturday yeah it's great I have to
supervisions this weekend
um so yeah that's my weekend plans class
um we love it but yeah we finished I'm
happy yeah let's just hope that two of
us I can find some motivation for our
final days of term but yeah thank you so
much for watching
I hope you enjoyed it have a nice day
bye
you